"Hey i'm not afraid anymore"
Oh you better be Kevin because we BingeXpress
are about to comfort you and
team up with the wet bandits
but before we start let me highlight that this is
just a fun video now with that said let us have a
look on how we could beat the Kevin in home alone
let me start off by saying that impersonating a
police officer to gather intel about the household
you target is a pretty clever idea but in all
honesty stuff like that doesn't work anymore
not that i've tried it's just a guess i mean
imagine a random person whoever he is inside
your house uninvited waiting for you to have
a moment to speak that's just weird most people
would shoot that person so i guess 30 years ago
things might have been a bit different but if we
look at it from the perspective of our thieves
it does make sense because they are definitely
able to increase their upcoming heist success
rate by a lot that way on the other hand you also
take a big risk since you openly show your face
and having a gold tooth doesn't really
help your appearance stay low key
so to pull that up Marv might
have been the better choice
"go check it out"
"now?"
okay maybe not maybe not Marv but anyway harry
does generally a good job here i mean look at
his costume it's pretty spot-on especially when we
compare it to the real officer we get to see later
in the movie and since this household is extremely
chaotic i mean there is no doubt that that helps
too in keeping a low profile now however chaotic
this place might be though it doesn't make up
the following fact you see i have checked out the
neighbourhood of our house and found out that the
house is located in Winnetka Illinois turns out
the local police station is only about 800 meters
away from the Mcallisters so this fact alone
would convince me to either stay away completely
or at least continue much more cautiously
in any way let's follow harry and Marv the
infamous wet bandits and see where they could
have avoided errors and win the epic showdown
between them and the Kevin merry Christmas when
harry and Marv arrive at the house the first time
there are several things i would have done
differently first of all parking this very sketchy
looking car on the parking lot of the house you
want to rob is probably not the smartest thing
to do i think we can all agree to that but you see
it isn't that simple because you also don't want
to park the car too far away because if you are
in need for a sudden escape you'll have a problem
so perhaps the best idea would have been to park
the car in proximity but not directly in front of
the house like Marv harry and make it look like
a van of some sort of service company which they
technically did i know but insufficiently in
my opinion what i mean is their outfits sucked
they didn't look like plumbers and since they
generally rob at night perhaps they could have
additionally added "24 hours available" or
something similar onto the side of their van
furthermore i would have insisted on
only one of us attempting the robbery
while one of us stays behind and there are
multiple reasons for that but first and foremost
because police patrols are likely to happen around
here after all the police station isn't far away
it is holiday season and this is an upscale
neighbourhood however all of this happens
back in the early 90s so communication
was much more complicated than it is now
there were not many mobile phones available back
then and if there were any they were so expensive
it simply would have not been possible to afford
for most people and in our case here we would
have needed at least two devices look i've done
some research for you guys and turns out that the
Microtech x9800 from Motorola was one of the only
ones available back then which would have been
a great choice if it wasn't for the hefty price
tag of around three thousand dollars that's like
a 16 inch macbook pro these days so to bridge the
communication gap following this strategy you may
use walkie-talkies instead which were already used
recreationally back in the early 90s but let's
talk about the reason why you clicked on this
video alright people for the sake of this video
let us forget that Kevin is just a kid alright he
stands for those who cannot stand for themselves
he is Gandalf facing the Balrok, Neo facing
agent smith he is Kevin the man of the house
"i'm the man of the house"
so our two Goovies here make
their way to Kevin's house
but before they arrive please allow me to
tell Marv that i like his sense of fashion
i really do but his Italian shoes are
a little out of place here it's late
December for god's sake how about some sturdy
timberlands for that extra grip and stability
we all know he will need it after announcing
themselves for whatever reason they finally
split up which is a phenomenal idea i mean look
fighting Kevin is a tough battle we all know that
but your advantage is two versus one let's be
honest here guys if there were two Gandalfs versus
one Balrok we all would have rooted for the fire
demon that's just how things work and simple math
if you can't outsmart people you have to outnumber
them that's why every zombie movie has zombie
hordes anyway Marv just be careful tread lightly
it seems like harry struggles the same though so
it might not have been the shoes although hey
timberlands would do the job i guarantee it
timberland if you're watching this video
you know reach out seems like ice is not
the only enemy here seriously i have never
seen a glowing red doorknob even in 2020
and by the way you don't really want to leave your
fingerprints on it i have seen George Clooney and
his friends doing fancy stuff and apparently
you want to wear gloves when stealing things
burning away your fingerprints would do it too
well anyway let's check out Marv how is he doing
did you know that the average iron weighs three
pounds now you do i researched it so you don't
have to ever again so when Marv tries to get up
the stairs his choice of shoes once again screws
him over to the point where he ends up bare foot
i told you this would not have happened if he wore
the right shoes but let's put aside their obvious
bad choice of fashion here and focus on their
reaction time because that too seems to be on the
lower end of the spectrum and we all know by now
that playing video games 15 hours a day is a
possible way to increase one's reaction time
and since pac-man was released back in the early
80s the options were there simple truth harry
simple truth but anyway they finally make it into
the house harry more like a SWAT team breaking
into a house to get that peaceful stoner well
congratulations harry you're in now and the next
trap isn't precisely the worst one i mean look so
far you got burned twice while Marv got hit by a 3
pound iron in free fall so having glue all over
your face while feathers are raining down on you
is a pretty comfortable thing unless it's evil
super glue then well then you better go for the
nail polish remover straight away meanwhile Marv
this poor tall guy finds his way into the house
through the open window and i know what you guys
are thinking now why don't you look where you step
morph well look he's a tall guy okay it isn't
easy for us to realize what goes down on the lower
levels of experience so we really can't blame him
for that what we should feel though is empathy
because we all know what it feels like stepping
barefoot on tiny evil sharp objects alright let's
assess the situation here real quick guys we are
finally inside we know that there are booby traps
all over the place so we should be a bit careful
the goal is the eight-year-old on the second floor
now honestly if it was up to me i would just loot
the ground floor and make for an escape simple
and easy and since most traps were already
activated down here there isn't much more to
overly pay attention to but well in the movie
they chase Kevin regardless but i kind of get
it it's like the boss battle you can't beat
but your ego doesn't allow you to back off
many of you will understand they just can't let go
i'm up here you morons so chasing Kevin upstairs
they fall backwards on tiny cars um causing me to
lose my breath as well for a few moments but they
get back up and well get hit by paint buckets yup
those look like they hold about 3 liters of paint
i'd probably prefer stepping on legos than
getting hit with that alright so when Marv
almost catches Kevin and Kevin dodges the grab
by putting bart's tarantula on Marv's face
i kind of felt sorry for the spider okay i mean
look what can i say i'm an animal simp animals
are cool and well some of them are tasty too
however i am more impressed with that scene though
because all tarantulas laws are venomous to some
extent so having one on your face and screaming
like Marv does is kind of a risky thing isn't it i
guess things were a bit more raw back in the early
90s so Kevin escapes to his tree fortress using
his homemade zip-line which we all agree is one
of the coolest things ever at this point though
it would have been much better for our thieves
to stay behind and well do what they came to
do and if you still want to catch the Kevin
you should have split up talking yourselves over
the zip-line is just a bad idea to begin with plus
it looks like it's very high up as well falling
from this height can easily result in fractures
not if you wear timberlands of course but they
were lucky they survived their fall and chased
Kevin to the point where they actually caught him
just bad that this is Kevin's hood and not theirs
so what is the verdict here first of all if
they didn't lose their goal out of sight which
was looting the darn place they could have
done so at least to some extent and escaped
successfully thereafter that is the first thing
then the second and even more important thing is
don't underestimate anyone that bears the name
Kevin with that said my dear friends
i have a last message for you all
Merry Christmas you filthy animal"
Thanks for watching leave a like and subscribe
as always if you enjoyed it leave a comment if
you have any inputs it's beautiful to
do this for you guys it's a lot of fun
we have so many more updates coming
soon thank you very much and bye bye